fix(commands): Require an argument name before the list of tracing filters when used without a subcommand (#7056)
ZcashFoundation/zebra: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org).

## [Zebra 1.0.1](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/releases/tag/v1.0.1) - 2023-XX-XX

### Breaking Changes

> - Zebra now requires an argument name before the list of tracing filters when running `start` without an explicit subcommand.

Reviewer: It might help to describe the impact of this change on most users, then provide an example of the workaround a few users might need.

```suggestion
- Zebra now detects subcommand name typos on the command-line. If you want to give Zebra a list of tracing filters, use `zebrad start --filters debug,...` ([#7056](https://github.com/ZcashFoundation/zebra/pull/7056))
```

Author: Thank you!
